Ha ha.
The sound of the piano is okay, brother, stop playing.
Your bride has arrived
What are you still doing?
I didn't see that your husband doesn't have enough hands.
Go and serve him and get dressed
What are you packing?
You bought it at a high price
I whistled.
You have to come and be a dog with your tail wagging, understand?
Fucking pretend to be pure for Lao Tzu
Well, it's wedding time.
Don't delay the matter of Zhenbei King
Wang Hu, the person who came to give the marriage said
Let's take good care of the commandments
There will be time
Now is the opportunity to train
This young master was very tired from playing just now
My legs are a little weak
Are you fucking pulling me on stage?
Your Qin family is the first family in Jiangnan
The wealthy families of Jiangnan
It is such an honor for my daughter to marry into the Qin family
Don't worry, we'll be fine, mom.
Mom, that happy day
What are you doing in a panic?
The bride and groom enter
Didn't I feed you?